This short video shows you how to run R code within a chunk. You can see here that our cursor is on line 12.
The cursor can be anywhere on that line.
Press control and enter on Windows or Linux, or command and enter on a Mac.
That's executed (run) line 12. There's some output in the console that you don't need to worry about for now.
One of the things that this has done is loaded a data set about diamonds.
After running this command, the cursor's automatically positioned online 13.
Lines 13 to 15 are actually part of the same command.
We use the same keys, control and enter to run those lines.
This runs lines 13, 14 and 15, and it produces the scatterplot based on the diamonds data set.
Don't worry how these commands work at the moment, but it's very important to know that you can run parts of a command as well.
If you select just the word diamonds on line 13 and run that, you will see that it does something different.
This just prints the contents of the diamonds data.
The data set  is quite large, so it just prints the first few rows. So that's how you run commands and parts of commands within a chunk.